The villain groups are fighting each other!
There are two with gigantification Quirks!
Espa Way's caught up in their fight!
Send heroes immediately!
Wha--?!
Full charge, output level 30...
Spiraling Surge--
Nejire Wave!
Hey, why are you fighting?
Is it because your Quirks are the same?
That's so weird.
"Nejire Hado"
"Quirk: Surge"
Do it now, you two!
Ultimate...
...Move!
Meteor...
...Fafrotskies!
That was great!
Yeah, that was really great!
Were you nervous?
Phew, I was able to do
what I was supposed to!
Ribbit, I was calmer than I thought I'd be.
As expected of those recommended by Nejire--
You're both great at this.
Nejire, you've also fixed
the timing for your attack.
"Dragoon Hero: Ryukyu"
Hero Billboard Chart, number nine--
Dragoon Hero: Ryukyu!
Nejire Hado, a third year and part of the Big Three
at U.A. High School, is her work study student.
Class 1-A's Ochaco Uraraka and
Tsuyu Asui are also working for her!
Thank you for taking us on.
Of course.
Hey, Ryukyu, these two couldn't
go to the heroes from their internships!
Did you know that first years can only go
to agencies with a good track record
of accepting work study students?
Did I tell you?
Even if you're still students,
now that you're here for a work study,
you're a legitimate part of our forces!
You two seem like you'll be able
to play an active role in that matter.
"That matter"...?
Ribbit...?
A request to team up from
All Might's former sidekick, Nighteye.
Nighteye's where Deku went
for his work study...
Oh, "team up" means for
hero agencies to work together.
You knew that, right?
What's the request to team up about?
The investigation and siege of
designated the villain group, Shie Hassaikai.
"Villain - Overhaul - Quirk: Overhaul"
"Villain - Tomura Shigaraki - Quirk: Decay"
It's a big job that might lead
to the League of Villains.
"Shie Hassaikai"
I was made to walk in circles
underground for 30 minutes.
I feel like I've become an ant!
What's up with a yakuza's house, anyway?
We don't know who's watching or from where,
nor do we know what our guests are thinking.
A number of underground routes lead here.
This reception room is also one
of our hidden underground rooms.
We've been able to survive until now
because of small details like this.
Anyway!
What you said the other day on the phone--
You meant it, right?
That you'd join us as long
as certain conditions were met.
Don't interpret it in your favor.
You guys want the name
of our League of Villains.
We want to increase our strength.
Our needs coincide.
Put your foot down. It'll get dirty.
"Will you put your foot down, please?"
That's what you should be saying, young head.
You should really be bowing to me.
First, we won't put ourselves under you.
We'll move however we want.
Half--in other words, a joint partnership.
If that's what this is, then we'll help.
So those are the conditions?
One more thing.
That plan you said you had.
Tell me what it is.
That's a reasonable condition.
I want to consider whether or not
there's merit in lending you our name.
For that matter--
Don't get ahead of yourself.
"Chronostasis - Shie Hassaikai Aide"
You're doing too much of what you want.
"Mimic - Shie Hassaikai Director" "Crab
Who do you think you are, punk?!
Who do you think you are?
One of your disposable
small fry versus our Hikiishi.
Those lives are not worth the same.
Plus, the worth of one of Compress' arms.
If we don't get some concessions from you,
then it won't be worth it for us.
Stay back, Kurono, Mimic.
He came all this way with his offer.
Let's hear him out to the end.
You weren't finished.
Tell me the details of your plan.
Well, I have some idea of what it is, anyway.
It has something to do with this, right?
"Let's Go, Gutsy Red Riot"
Heaven - Main Store"
Those punks and hoodlums keep
gettin' into so many fights these days!
I'm starvin'!
Yeah, the hero agencies 'round
here have been wantin' a fightin' type.
Red Riot, you're perfect.
"Eijiro Kirishima - Quirk: Hardening"
I look forward to working with you!
Fourth Kind wasn't taking
work study students,
"Tamaki Amajiki"
so I'm grateful to you for taking me on!
If only Mirio'd been free...
Amajiki, please introduce me to
whoever you do your work study with!
Please. Please, please!
Your spit--
You kept coming at me. It was scary.
If Tamaki could only do somethin'
about his weak mind, he'd be a great talent!
That pressure leads me to even lower lows...
It's always like this...!
This man scouted me in order to torment me!
It's power harassment! I want to go home!
Maybe he's trying to encourage you!
That's how it sounds to me, anyway.
Fat, eat ours!
I will tomorrow!
I can't be cheerful and
positive like you or Mirio.
I feel the same sometimes.
There are lots of times I can't do
anything when everyone else is frantic.
The gap in ability and experience between
me and my classmates has gotten bigger...
So I want to at least close that gap
so I can stand next to them!
That's called "being positive," first year.
It's a fight! Somebody, help!
Speak of the devil!
You're not gonna wait, you moron?!
They're sellin' on my
turf without permission!
Damn it! Stop followin' me!
Just when I thought
I'd start pitchin' in and helpin', too!
Let's split up for now!
Right!
I won't let you!
I-It's Fat!
Oh, no! I'm sinkin'!
I'm Mr. Fat, here to make you sink!
Damn it!
What're you doin' anyway?!
Your Quirk's the same as Edge's!
What's with this octopus?!
That's mean...
No, wait, that's not an insult!
He's talking about how it looks!
I didn't get... an octopus...
Clams are handy. They can
be used for offense or defense.
That's why I make sure to eat some every day.
"Tamaki Amajiki"
"Quirk: Manifest"
U.A. High School third year and
part of the Big Three, Tamaki Amajiki.
Quirk: Manifest.
He can manifest characteristics
of things he eats in his body!
By the way, his right arm was from takoyaki,
"Takoyaki"
his left arm from clam preserves,
"Clam Preserves"
and his wings and claws are
manifested from fried chicken!
"Takoyaki"
"Clam Preserves"
"Fried Chicken"
I didn't need the wings.
Wow... I mean, I didn't get
to do anything again...
I wonder... if I did okay...
It was amazing! You were so fast
and so good at using your Quirk!
Our Suneater's skills have
long been as good as a pro's!
He still needs to work on
his mental weakness, though.
Right?
--Good job, Suneater!
--You're so cool!
I need...
...to save my big bros...!
Oh, no! Get down!
Right after this was shot into Compress,
he couldn't use his Quirk for a while.
What is this?
What are you planning to do with this?
Tell me.
I'm going to break the status quo.
I heard All For One ruled by stealing Quirks.
I fine-tuned his method a little.
I already have my roots
spread out across the entire country.
Bro, run away!
Little by little...
Suneater!
Suneater! Red Riot!
Little by little, preparations
are going according to plan...
It bounced off?!
I'll capture him!
What's with this piece of junk?!
It hurts less than I thought it would...
Suneater! Are you all right?!
So cool!
G-Get outta the way!
I'll chase him!
I'll catch him with my octopus...!
It won't activate?!
Wait, you!
Wait, don't go runnin' into things!
If you're not careful,
it might come back to bite you!
Suneater, if you're unhurt,
then I'll leave this place to you!
Other heroes will be here soon,
so work with them!
I'm not hurt, but my Quirk won't activate!
Is Eraser here or somethin'?
Don't come near me! Stop chasin' me!
Then don't run away!
At least finish saving your friends!
What're you gettin' angry about?!
Running away scared after shooting someone
isn't manly!
It's a dead end!
Prepare yourself!
You're too loud!
Red Counter!
That wasn't my full power!
Come quietly, gun maniac!
Huh? You're crying?
It's not fair...
All I've got is a Quirk that lets me
pop out blades less than ten cm long...
That's about as long as a box cutter...
It's not fair...
I wanna save my bros, fool!
But I'm scared!
You should be praisin' me
for gettin' the courage to shoot!
No way!
Besides, if you're gonna
cry about being scared,
then don't do bad stuff to begin with!
Come on, can you stand?
I wanted... to become strong...
If I hung out with strong guys,
then I could get stronger, too.
I understand how you feel, but...
If I followed my bros,
then I could get a hold of power...
For a guy who can become a hero to say he
understands without thinkin'...
Don't say that!
What are you doing?!
What'd you give yourself?
Hey! Are you okay?!
Wh...
What's this?!
What's going on...?
"Eijiro Kirishima"
"Quirk: Hardening"
"He can harden his whole body, which can be used for offense or defe
"Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Class 1-A"
"Birthday: 10/16"
"Height: 170 cm" "Blood Type: O" "Likes: Meat"
"Tamaki Amajiki"
"Quirk: Manifest"
"He can manifest characteristics of things he eats in his body."
"Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Course 3rd Year"
"Birthday: 3/4"
"Height: 177 cm" "Blood Type: B" "Likes: Butterflies"
Thanks to you, we were saved!
These guys are part of a team
selling illegal drugs and items,
so we'd been waiting for a chance like this.
So my Quirk couldn't activate
because of one of those items?
Die, stupid scum!
Anyway, please leave the rest to us.
Kirishima, Fat...
I have a bad feeling about this...
He suddenly powered up...!
I've seen this before on the news...
A drug that boosts your Quirk...
If this ends up on a main road,
it won't end with just a tragedy!
I'll end this here!
Everyone, get back!
Get somewhere that this
guy's blades can't reach!
He cut through!
His blades are sharper than my Hardening?
I can't get close, then!
You got too full of yourself, huh, kid?
It's 'cause you're playin'
at justice so proudly!
My bros said the age of
heroes'll crumble soon, you know!
They said it'll be the age of those
like us that live in the shadows next!
Man, I feel like I'm on such a high!
Move, kid!
I feel like I could save my bros now,
like you told me to earlier!
With your Hardening,
rather than trying for small tricks,
you should try to bulldoze your way through.
That's what All Might told me,
but thinking about it, when it comes down to it,
I don't have a move that lets me
hold my own against you guys.
"Katsuki Bakugo - Quirk: Explosion"
"Denki Kaminari - Quirk: Electrification"
Huh?
"Fumikage Tokoyami - Quirk: Dark Shadow"
"Hanta Sero - Quirk: Tape"
You guys have mid- to long-range attacks
and excellent mobility, right?
Other than Kaminari.
Hey, I'm not gonna charge
your phone for you anymore!
I don't have anything like that.
Oh.
I'm mostly mediocre even now,
so once we all become pros...
How am I supposed to hold my own?
You're unexpectedly cowardly, huh?
I'm not complaining!
I'm deliberating! Deliberating!
Before thinking about holding your own...
Didn't you say before that you'd be
a horse that never wavered?
I'll be a horse that'll never waver!
All Might's last stand at Kamino...
Not falling must mean you're damn strong.
Get harder...!
More...!
And more...!
My body...
...and spirit!
Get harder! Harden!
And become...
...a wall that will never fall!
Oww...!
After intensive training to improve my Quirk,
this is the highest hardness level
I can achieve right now!
Red Riot Unbreakable!
What's this sound?
Is his whole body creaking?!
I can only hold this for 30 to 40 seconds!
But during that time,
I cannot be brought down!
Look at me!
I'll bring everything to one spot...
...and push you away!
The people behind me haven't all escaped yet.
I'm sure there are still
people inside the stores, too.
I'll make him point his blades only at me!
I'm a man of Hardening!
Instead of small tricks,
I need to bulldoze my way through!
Overwhelm him!
Ultimate move--
Red Gun Turret!
He's young, but he's got guts...
Wow...
Hey!
Just before my time ran out. That was close!
Don't come near me...!
He's back to the crying state
he was in before the drug.
Did its effect wear off?
I just wanted to get stronger...
Please, let me go...!
I'm just a pitiful man who wanted some power!
I can't. You shot Suneater.
I really do understand how you feel.
In the past, I, too...
Who cares about you, moron!
Am I stupid?!
Predictable! So predictable I'm saved!
I'm gonna escape! I'm escapin'!
Like I'd let you catch me!
Sorry I'm late!
Fat Gum!
When you're squaring off,
the villain can win by killin',
runnin' away, beatin' us up so bad
we can't recover, et cetera!
On the other hand, there's only one way
for us to win--capture without casualties!
Remember this when you leave, Red Riot!
The key to fighting villains is--
How fast can you make
them lose the will to fight!
"BMI Hero: Fat Gum"
"Quirk: Fat Absorption"
BMI Hero: Fat Gum. Quirk: Fat Absorption.
He can absorb and sink
anything into his body!
Tottoro!
I gave it everything I had
and just barely held my own,
but he was done in an instant!
Thanks for your help!
Thanks, young 'un.
You were amazin'! I'm head over heels!
You were tryin' to keep him from pointin'
the blades at us, weren't you?
I can tell after watchin' heroes for so long!
Most people'd get scared
of a blade guy like that!
You really saved us!
What a spectacular debut.
Completely different from my first job.
You really helped us out today!
You'll be an amazing hero someday.
I'm sure of it!
Thank you!
Young man, what's your hero name?
What're you called?
I'm Red Riot!
Red Riot, huh? I won't be forgettin' that!
Thank you, Red Riot!
Thank you!
Why didn't I go...?
I've also...
...gotten a little...
Th...
Thank you!
...a little...
His Quirk powered up...?
That drug's banned in Japan, right?
Based on how short the effects lasted,
it must've been an
inferior version made in Asia.
The ones made in the U.S.
last at least an hour or two.
You know a lot about it! Wow!
In the past, I'd work with the coppers
and catch guys like that all day.
Fat! About the gun that guy fired--
It's been broken into
pieces by someone's Quirk.
Also, this isn't a normal gun.
Anyway, I'll investigate and report back.
Thanks for goin' out of
your way to let me know.
I see...
Are you all right?
It sucks.
To make it so you can't use your Quirk...
What a terrible way to treat a hero!
More importantly,
you defended me.
Just like Mirio,
you're a person who
shines brightly, like the sun.
If you're going to say that,
then you're like the sun, too,
for introducing me to this place!
Just like that. You're amazing, you know.
Why don't we have them take
a look at you at the hospital?
There's something
I want to investigate there, too.
Why don't we stop by
the agency first and then go?
Okay.
Yes, sir!
I understand drugs
that boost someone's Quirk...
They were originally proposed
to help those with weak Quirks.
But drugs that completely prevent
someone from usin' their Quirk...?
I've never heard of them.
I've got a bad feelin' about this...
A few days after starting my work study...
"Izuku Midoriya - Quirk: One For All"
When I come to school,
I can't help but relax my guard...
Kirishima, hey!
Hm?
Your name!
Your hero name's in the news online! Wow!
"Newcomer Sidekick Red Riot
Bursts onto the Scene!"
"Newcomer Sidekick Red Riot Bursts
onto the Scene! From his first day,
he takes responsibility for the citizens and
fights a villain by himself." That's what it says!
"Mina Ashido - Quirk: Acid"
Tsu and Uraraka, you're amazing!
Your names are here!
"New Sidekicks at Ryukyu Agency"
"Two there for a work study!"
"And they're cute!"
Let's see, "New Sidekicks at Ryukyu Agency.
Two there for a work study!"
Wow, that makes me happy! There it is!
I wonder where they took the picture from...
That's amazing! Maybe you
already have some fans like Mt. Lady!
I'm so jealous!
"Kyoka Jiro - Quirk: Earphone Jack"
"Momo Yaoyorozu - Quirk: Creation"
It's true.
"And they're cute.
A great achievement, taking control
of a big incident in an instant...
Their abilities are real."
Even if they only have provisional licenses,
once they start working in town,
they're heroes just the same.
Remarkable service.
However!
A student's duty is to study!
"Tenya Iida - Quirk: Engine"
You can't doze off in class!
Right, Iida! We're prepared!
Right?
Yeah!
You said your schoolwork was in trouble,
but are you okay now?
The teachers said they'd set up
supplementary lessons for me.
Maybe I should've gone, too...
It seems tough to do both at once...
Everyone learns at their own pace.
That's absolutely right!
I've been thinking about
it ever since then...
The reason All Might and
Nighteye's relationship soured...
How Nighteye wants to make
Togata the successor for One For All...
I don't know all the details,
but I understand the situation.
But at the same time...
D... Don't go...
Every day, that girl's presence
grows bigger inside me...
"Preview"
Here's the preview!
At Sir Nighteye's Agency,
the Big Three, us work study students,
and pro heroes gathered,
and a meeting began.
It's a report on the investigation of the
designated villain group, Shie Hassaikai.
The girl whose hand I let go of--
Eri--I can't believe
she's being used by evil...!
Next time, "An Unpleasant Talk."
This time, I will definitely save Eri!
"Next time: An Unpleasant Talk"
Go beyond!
Plus Ultra!